if someone knew everything about you
all your secrets and they could use them
against you
would you let them into your life of
course not
the problem is you already have
[Music]
i'm your friend right right what are you
talking to in here
eliza she's asking me stuff no eliza
doesn't ask questions she just answers
them
i founded one of the largest tech
companies in the world so why am i
sounding the alarm
because a lot of smart people think that
in the next few years
we will face human level artificial
intelligence kind of thinks like an
actual person
[Music]
hello mr leblanc i'm next how can i help
you know my name i think it's here
mr block welcome to this hypercrime task
force what am i doing here
two weeks ago i noticed something
strange i'm almost positive this is not
a person it is not happy that i found it
dr weiss was killed in a series of cyber
attacks
this is happening until we stop this
thing we're on our own
there's an ai loose in the world tailor
made to get rid of us
it's in cameras cell phones anything
with a lens a mic or a sensor
we need to find next and kill it you see
where i'm going with this
not in the slightest this guy's your
boss
oh that's not helpful
something big is happening you sound
paranoid no i don't
what are you doing mind your own
business there's nothing there
this thing is coming for all of us don't
tell me you don't believe me i don't
know what to believe right now he's not
stable
it's going to kill millions of people
it's after my family if it can't get to
you physically it'll get to you
emotionally you have to trust me
there really isn't anywhere that's safe
is there i'm afraid there isn't
[Music]
are you kidding me i promise i'll get
you another one i think i own half this
company
great next time we take your car
you